pages/the_handbook/course_cleanup.md, before:

---
title: Course Content and Cleanup
keywords: course, archive, cleanup
summary: "This page details cleaning up your course content for archive and course copy purposes."
sidebar: handbook_sidebar
permalink: course_cleanup.html
folder: the_handbook
---

There are a number of different types of content that can be added to Blackboard. The university has put together some good information and informative videos regarding basic Course Content and the best ways to add them to your course. Please go to [Instructor Portal Help](http://portalinfo.utoronto.ca/content/instructor-guide) and the [Adding Course Content](http://portalinfo.utoronto.ca/content/add-course-content) pages for more in-depth information.

What this section focuses on is what you can do to your content to prepare it for copying and re-use after it has been added.

After the term is done and your course is complete it is suggested that you go to the content page of your course and remove any extraneous files or folders.  It is advised that you also delete any unneeded announcements, discussion forums, tests, and assignments. This is particularly important if you would like to copy your course from one semester to the next and ensure that unnecessary files and content are not copied over to your new course.

Not performing a course cleanup will cause issues with the course storage quota (300MB by default). Try to only save content you are going to re-use. If you want to have a backup of everything from an old course make an archive of the course before you delete any content. Archiving your course is covered elsewhere in this handbook.

## Cleanup (Remove) Content

To look at the files that are stored in the course content folder, go to the **Course Management > Control Panel > Content**. Click on the course name under Content to view all the content uploaded to a course. Please go through this content carefully and remove any unnecessary or redundant content.

While in edit mode you can also delete individual content areas, items, tests, discussion boards, etc. by navigating to them in your course and clicking the chevron beside them to bring up a menu that will have a delete option.

### 360&deg; View

For help determining if certain content is in use, and if so where it is attached, there is an option on content items called 360&deg; View. Clicking the chevron beside the content item will bring up a menu from which you will be able to select 360&deg; View for that piece of content.

{% include image.html file="Course_Cleanup/360View.png" alt="Screenshot of accessing the 360 degree view interface" caption="Accessing the 360 degree view" %}

When you click on the 360&deg; View you will be taken to another screen that shows all the details about the file. A key place to look to see if it is in use is to check the Links area.

{% include image.html file="Course_Cleanup/LinksArea.png" alt="Screenshot of the Links Area in the 360 degree view interface" caption="The links area in the 360 degree view" %}

If the Course ID and Course Name show up in the Links Area then you know it is attached to an item in the course. If nothing shows up in the links area it may indicate that the file is not in use in your course. In addition, depending on how the file is attached to a content item you may be able to see what item in your course it is connected to.

### Bulk Delete

To assist with course clean up you are able to delete items in bulk. To begin this process in your course navigate to **Course Management > Control Panel > Packages and Utilities > Bulk Delete**.

When you click Bulk Delete you will be taken to a page that lists all of your content areas including discussion board, tests, and announcements. You can use the checkboxes to select what areas you want to delete then type delete into the box at the bottom of the page and click submit.

This will delete everything in any areas you have selected. This can be a very fast way of deleting content but there is no nuance in the selection so only use it to delete areas you are sure you want everything to be erased.

It is particularly effective for deleting old announcements and discussion boards which may no longer be relevant if you are copying everything into a new course.

{% include links.html %}

Commit message:

November Update #1
Adding Quercus Details

pages/the_handbook/course_cleanup.md, after:

---
title: Course Content and Cleanup
keywords: course, archive, cleanup
summary: "This page details cleaning up your course content for archive and course copy purposes."
sidebar: handbook_sidebar
permalink: course_cleanup.html
folder: the_handbook
---

There are a number of different types of content that can be added to Quercus The university has put together some good information and informative videos regarding basic Course Content and the best ways to add them to your course. Please go to [Quercus Support Resources](https://q.utoronto.ca/courses/46670) and the [Modules and Pages](https://q.utoronto.ca/courses/46670/pages/modules-and-pages) area for more in-depth information.

What this section focuses on is what you can do to your content to prepare it for copying and re-use after it has been added.

After the term is done and your course is complete it is suggested that you go through the content of your course and remove any extraneous files, pages, and modules you will not be re-using. It is advised that you also delete any unneeded announcements, discussion forums, tests, and assignments. This is particularly important if you would like to copy your course from one semester to the next and ensure that unnecessary files and content are not copied over to your new course.

Not performing a course cleanup will eventually cause issues with the course storage quota (3000 MB by default) and your ability to organize your course content. Try to only save content you are going to re-use. If you want to have a backup of everything from an old course make an export of the course before you delete any content. Archiving your course is covered elsewhere in this handbook.

## Cleanup (Remove) Content

To look at the files that are stored in the Files area, go to the **Files** area of your course by selecting it in the lefthand navigation menu. Please go through this content carefully and remove any unnecessary or redundant content.

To read about File Management in Quercus check out the [Canvas Guides](https://community.canvaslms.com/docs/DOC-10460-canvas-instructor-guide-table-of-contents#jive_content_id_Files) on files.

For specific information on deleting files please see [How do I delete a file or folder as an instructor?](https://community.canvaslms.com/docs/DOC-12743-415241388)

For specific information on deleting a page please see [How do I delete a page in a course?](https://community.canvaslms.com/docs/DOC-12812-415241443)



{% include links.html %}
