pages/the_handbook/test_import_export.md, before:

---
title: Test Imports & Exports
keywords: course, tests, surveys
summary: "This page details the steps for importing and exporting tests into your courses."
sidebar: handbook_sidebar
permalink: tests_import_export.html
folder: the_handbook
---

Instructors can build their own test questions and assign specific point values to each question. When a student completes a test, it is submitted for grading and the results are recorded in the Grade Center. Tests can be added to any content area within a course. Instructors can export tests from their current or previous courses and import tests into a new course.

## Export a Test
   1. Log into your course in Blackboard and go to the Control Panel
   2. Click on Course Tools and select Tests, Surveys and Pools
   3. Click on the Tests link and then hover your mouse over the test you’d like to export and click on the Chevron beside the test name
   4. Choose either Export to Local Computer (the download will begin automatically) or
   5. Choose Export to Content Collection to save it in your Blackboard content collection.


## Import a Test
   1. Log into your course in Blackboard and go to the Control Panel
   2. Click on Course Tools and select Tests, Surveys and Pools
   3. Click on the Tests link and then click on Import Test
   4. Find your exported test.
       - If you exported test is stored on your computer, click on Browse My Computer and navigate to the file
       - If your exported test is in your content collection, click the Browse Content Collection and navigate to the file.
   5. Then click Submit

## Back-up Your Tests

It is good practise to back-up your Tests. You can easily export your test/exam from Blackboard and store it on your computer and/or back-up storage device.

To export an test:

1. Go to the Control Panel. Click Course Tools then select Tests, Surveys and Pools.
2. Click the Tests link.
3. Click the contextual menu button next to the test you would like to export.
To save your test file to:
  *  A local computer: click Export to Local Computer, then specify a save location;
  *  Your Content collection: click Export to Content Collection, specify a save location.

It is *strongly* recommended that you do this at the end of every term. This will reduce the number of duplicate tests carried from course copy to course copy.

Commit message:

Tests and Grading Update
See above

pages/the_handbook/test_import_export.md, after:

---
title: Test Imports & Exports
keywords: course, tests, surveys
summary: "This page details the steps for importing and exporting tests into your courses."
sidebar: handbook_sidebar
permalink: tests_import_export.html
folder: the_handbook
---

Instructors can build their own test questions and assign specific point values to each question. When a student completes a test, it is submitted for grading and the results are recorded in the Grades area. Tests can be added to the Quizzes area within a course and can also appear in Assignments and in Modules. Instructors can export tests from their current or previous courses and import tests into a new course.

If you would like assistance with this process or would like to bulk create questions for import please contact the Academic Technology Team.

**Note**: This exports the test questions but not the answers or results. It exports as a QTI file in a .zip package.

## Export a Test
   1. Log into your course in Quercus and go to the Settings
   2. Click on Export Course Content
   3. Click on the Quizzes option and the select the Test you want to export
   4. Click Create Export

For more information on exporting your tests please see the article [How do I export quiz content from a course?](https://community.canvaslms.com/docs/DOC-13094-415263225).


## Import a Test
   1. Log into your course in Quercus and go to the Settings
   2. Click on Import Course Content
   3. Select *QTI .zip file* from the Content Type dropdown menu
   4. Choose the file from your computer and choose a Question Bank if you'd like.
   5. Click Import

For more information on importing tests please see the article [How do I import quizzes from QTI packages?](https://community.canvaslms.com/docs/DOC-12683-4152724198).

## Back-up Your Tests

It is good practice to back-up your Tests at the end of your course. As described above you can easily export your test/exam from Quercus as a QTI file and store it on your computer and/or back-up storage device. It is *strongly* recommended that you do this at the end of every term as this will reduce the number of duplicate tests carried from course copy to course copy year over year.
